Update index with replay quota (#6309)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/quotas/index.mdx

### 2. Adjusting Your Quota {#increasing-quotas}

> Events and attachments that exceed your quota are not accepted, so you may want to increase your quota. Conversely, you might want to decrease your quota or adjust your reserved and on-demand quotas to better control your spending. Learn about adjusting your quota in [Manage Your Error Quota](/product/accounts/quotas/manage-event-stream-guide/#2-adjusting-quotas), [Manage Your Transaction Quota](/product/accounts/quotas/manage-transaction-quota/#1-adjusting-quotas), [Manage your Replay Quota](/product/accounts/quotas/manage-replay-quota/), and [Manage Your Attachments Quota](/product/accounts/quotas/manage-attachments-quota/#1-adjusting-quotas).

Author: ```suggestion
Events and attachments that exceed your quota will not be accepted, so you may want to increase your quota. Conversely, you might want to decrease your quota or adjust your reserved and on-demand quotas to better control your spending. Learn about adjusting your quota in [Manage Your Error Quota](/product/accounts/quotas/manage-event-stream-guide/#2-adjusting-quotas), [Manage Your Transaction Quota](/product/accounts/quotas/manage-transaction-quota/#1-adjusting-quotas), [Manage your Replay Quota](/product/accounts/quotas/manage-replay-quota/), and [Manage Your Attachments Quota](/product/accounts/quotas/manage-attachments-quota/#1-adjusting-quotas).
```
